ZQL docs example showing "by" grouping with non-present fields (#1703)
brimsec/zq: zql/docs/grouping/README.md

```

#### Output:
```zq-output
#0:record[_path:string,typeof:type,count:uint64]
0:[http;record[_path:string,ts:time,uid:bstring,id:record[orig_h:ip,orig_p:port,resp_h:ip,resp_p:port],trans_depth:uint64,method:bstring,host:bstring,uri:bstring,referrer:bstring,version:bstring,user_agent:bstring,origin:bstring,request_body_len:uint64,response_body_len:uint64,status_code:uint64,status_msg:bstring,info_code:uint64,info_msg:bstring,tags:set[zenum],username:bstring,password:bstring,proxied:set[bstring],orig_fuids:array[bstring],orig_filenames:array[bstring],orig_mime_types:array[bstring],resp_fuids:array[bstring],resp_filenames:array[bstring],resp_mime_types:array[bstring]];144034;]
0:[dns;record[_path:string,ts:time,uid:bstring,id:record[orig_h:ip,orig_p:port,resp_h:ip,resp_p:port],proto:zenum,trans_id:uint64,rtt:duration,query:bstring,qclass:uint64,qclass_name:bstring,qtype:uint64,qtype_name:bstring,rcode:uint64,rcode_name:bstring,AA:bool,TC:bool,RD:bool,RA:bool,Z:uint64,answers:array[bstring],TTLs:array[duration],rejected:bool];53615;]
```

A way to achieve this would be to use the
[`fuse` processor](../processors/README.md#fuse) to unite the `http` and `dns`

> events under a single schema. This has the effect of populating previously
> non-present fields with null values. Now that the named fields are present in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
events under a single schema. This has the effect of populating missing
fields with null values. Now that the named fields are present in
```
